Crossbow
EDIT
A weapon unique to the Vampire Hunter class, offering a ranged playstyle similar to the Ranger, yet unique. Two bolts fire per click of these crossbows.  Each bolt can fire in a different direction making it easier to handle big crowds at range.

48
Blitz Crossbows



Contents
1	Crossbow Types
1.1	Dual Crossbows
1.2	Repeating Crossbows
1.3	Heavy Crossbows
1.4	Seeker Crossbows
2	Tap and Charge
3	Legendary Weapons

AD

Crossbow Types
Crossbows offer a variety of different Charge attack and speeds.


Dual Crossbows
The crossbow type most Vampire Hunters desire. Mana use escalates similar to a Battle Chef's repeating knife swings. Target one direction. Fast fire speed.

Dart Crossbows
Rapid Fire Crossbows
Repeater Crossbows
​

Repeating Crossbows
Similar to the Repeater Attack, but in a spread.  Very useful for crowd control. Target 80-180 degrees.

Blast Crossbows
Burst Crossbows
Assault Crossbows
​

Heavy Crossbows
This crossbow boasts the slowest firing rate, with a charging attack similar to that of Seeker Crossbows.

Cobra Crossbows
Rogue Crossbows
Stalker Crossbows

Seeker Crossbows
Bad tracking around terrain and may target destructibles. Best weapon for crossbows in Ultimate Rampage.

Specter Hunter Crossbows
Witch Hunter Crossbows
Zombie Hunter Crossbows (normal fire speed, but low damage)
Tap and Charge
This is information about Tap and Charge on Crossbows.

#	Tap	Charge	Type
1	Tap to shoot crossbow bolts!	Hold to fire faster and faster.	Dual Crossbows
2	Tap to shoot crossbow bolts!	Hold to in a spread in front of you, faster and faster.	Repeater Crossbows
3	Tap to shoot crossbow bolts!	Fires 5 Crossbow Bolts in rapid-fire succession while dashing away!  Great for escaping!	Heavy Crossbows
4	Tap to shoot crossbow bolts!	Fires a burst of 5 Seeker Bolts in a tight duster! Automatically seeks out nearby enemies and chases them!	Seeker Crossbows
Legendary Weapons
This is the list of Legendary Crossbows. Each of them has a name.

#	Name	Type
1	The Needler	Dual Crossbows
2	Blitz Crossbows	Repeater Crossbows
3	Apex Crossbows	Seeker Crossbows
4	Twin Executioners	Heavy Crossbows
