Dungeon Busters
3
EDIT
The Dungeon Buster is the character's special move, and it requires Dungeon Buster Stars to perform.
Heroes

A Dungeon Buster is a powerful move unique to each heroes:

Berserker
Berserk: The Berserker goes on a Rampage! Also, the Berserker and nearby allies become Awesomer for 12 seconds.

Ranger
Arrowstorm: The Ranger fires 3 piercing arrows at your enemies! Each arrow wave can be aimed separately.

Sorcerer
Volt Shield: Summons 4 lightning balls to form a barrier around the Sorcerer, frying all nearby enemies.

Battle Chef
Meateors: Falling cows rain from the sky, damaging foes and spawning Hamburger food items.

Vampire Hunter
Garlic Nukes: The Vampire Hunter scatters 6 Garlic Nuke traps around her, forming a deadly defensive ring.

Ghost Samurai
Iron Legion: Summons 3 Armor Clones to fight for you! Each Armor Clone lasts for 30 seconds.

Pyromancer
Flame Vortex: Pyromancer is consumed by a flame demon.Pulls in enemies, explodes and then drops some meteors on their heads!

Dragon Knight
Dragon Hatchlings: Summons 4 elemental dragons to fight by your side! Each dragon lasts for 30 seconds.

Enemies
When your heroes have also enemies!.Enemies don't have any Stars to perform.They use cooldown instead of collecting stars.

Non-Boss
DR ICETIGER BIG
Green Icetiger
Berseck:A giant tiger that inspires his ally's by going berserk.

weak	normal	resist
range	melee	magic

DR ZERKER
Berserker
Berseck:A 200 pound killing machine.

weak	normal	resist
magic	range	melee

DR PAPA YETI
Papa Yeti
Baby Summon Attack:A strong a giant yeti that can summon his yeti babies in packs.

weak	normal	resist
magic	n/a	melee & range

DR ICEBAT PURPLE
Icebat Purple
Iceball Attack:This icebat is just as big as his cousin the Green icebat. He teleports any player in his range at point blanc and the unleashes a series of deadly iceballs.

weak	normal	resist
range	magic	melee

Bosses
DR ICEDRAGON
Ice Breath Attack, Tail Smash & Icicle Pierce Attack:His icy breath freezes you. His tail smashes you against walls. Icicles piercing you in half. This dragon is one to be recognized

weak	normal	resist
n/a	n/a	all

DR ICETROLL
Drill Attack:Slow but powerful. He enjoys drilling players around on his drill the most.

weak	normal	resist
range	melee	magic
Did you know?
Pyro in Pyromancer means "Fire".
Papa Yeti afraid of bunnies!
Golem hates getting wet!
Meateors can come from meteors just change "mete" to "meat".
To defeat bosses, attack him on back to prevent you giving damages.
The hardest boss is Ice Dragon.
You need players to defeat the Ice Dragon.Use your best weapon before battling the dungeons especially the bosses.