Hunter Traps
1
EDIT
Hunter Traps are mines that can be set in advance, each type of them having different effects. They tend to have a high mana cost, emphasizing the importance of their placement. These traps last for a long duration of time, with Garlic Nukes lasting even longer. While traps are claimed to lack a Charge effect, you can throw them forward by holding the button.


Contents
1	Types of Traps
1.1	Firebomb
1.2	Mines
1.3	Garlic
2	Tap and Hold
3	Legendary Weapons
4	Difference
Types of Traps
Firebomb
This mine creates a patch of fire on the ground, persisting in the ground for a short amount of time and effectively burning any enemies that come in contact with it.

Ash-Maker Mines
Scorcher Mines
Napalm Mines
Everburner Mines
4685
48
blitz crossbows

Mines
Mine has a one sec timer before primed. The explosion deals damage and knocks all enemies away from blast area.

Goo Trap
Muck Trap
Ooze Trap
Garlic
Very similar to the Vampire Hunter's Garlic Nukes, though visually less impressive and only one set at a time. Stuns a whole group of enemies when detonated.

Foul Reeker Garlic
Stink Blast Garlic
Tap and Hold
This is information about Tap and Hold on Hunter Traps.

#	Tap	Hold	Type
1	Tap to drop Firebomb to set enemies on fire!	Hold to throw Firebombs! Hold longer to throw farther!	Firebomb
2	Tap to drop Mines to Slow enemies	Hold to throw Mines! Hold longer to throw farther!	Mines
3	Tap to drop Garlic Bomb to Stun enemies	Hold to throw Garlic Mines! Hold longer to throw farther!	Garlic

Legendary Weapons
This is list of Legendary Traps. Each of them has a name.

#	Name	Type
1	Napalm Mines	Firebomb
2	Monster Hotel	Mines
3	Nasal Buster	Garlic
4685
The "Napalm Bombs" in Weapons page is a example of a Legendary Weapon. Please don't report about the name.

Difference
We have noticed on dungeons that we seen a bomb without a vampire hunter player. These bombs are the enemies.

Your Bomb	Enemies Bomb	Type
Tiny Spikes	Bigger Spikes	Firebomb
Big	Small	Mines
1 Defensive ring (Garlic Nukes)	Single	Garlic