Looting
EDIT
Loots are coins that you got every time you complete, choose, and unlock something.


Contents
1	Past & Future
2	Ways to get Loots
3	Chest that you will on leagues
4	Chests
5	Keys
DR-AllNewLootSystem
Past & Future
The game has been updated with a new way to get items. Gone is the old way of simply beating the dungeon and getting crappy items most of the time. Or searching high and low for a Red or Blue Chest. Now it's simple RNG (Random Number Generator) like most games or RPGs. Depending on the Chest, you have a greater possibility to get top quality items. But each Chest type also requires a Key, aside from the brown Common Chest.

For more information click on Chests.

Ways to get Loots
The first way to get loot is Dungeons.

When you finish/achieve victory in a dungeon successfully, you'll receive chests, loot, and bonus experience points.

Dungeons are categorized from easy to hard, spanning from the Rookie League to the Ultimate Rampage. The complexity of a dungeon is proportional with its potential rewards. Chests within these dungeons are randomly selected. They can be found in every dungeon.

Boss Battles are better than the ordinary dungeons because of newly enemies created at the boss battle. Upon achieving victory, you'll receive superior loot, improved chests, and a higher amount of experience points.

Ultimate Rampage is the last part of the Dungeon Rampage. All environments that you discovered are placed in one piece. All dungeons have modifiers. Every next 2 floors it has a modifier there have 4 modifiers and they added until you reach floor 15. All modifiers are changed every week. Ultimate Rampage is the hardest dungeon and best way to got many loot is Ultimate Rampage.

The second way to get loot are Chests.

The chests have weapons. The better the weapon you find, the more damage you'll deal, making it easier to obtain loot.

Selling weapons also a way to get loot.Without a refund, no money when you sell.

If your weapon has modifiers, it deals more damage than one without any modifiers.

The third way to get loot is Daily Bonus.

Daily Bonus contain Power-ups, Health Bombs, Coins, Gems and Boosters.

Chest that you will on leagues
ROOKIES LEAGUES: common chest, uncommon chest,

GLADIATORS LEAGUES: common chest, uncommon chest, rare chest.

CHAMPION LEAGUES: common chest, uncommon chest, rare chest.

GRINDHOUSE LEAGUES: common chest, uncommon chest, rare chest, legendary chest.